To do pre-processing at scale,
we need good tools.
TensorFlow Transform is one
of the best tools
available today.
Let's take a look. First of all,
here's what we're going
to be talking about.
We are going to go a bit deeper
into how transform works,
what it does, and why it does it.
We are going to look at
the benefits of using
TensorFlow Transform and how
it applies feature
transformations,
and we are going to look
at some of the analyzers,
and the role they play
in doing pre-processing.
Let's talk about transform.
First off, it does what you
might think it would do,
it takes Training Data,
and it's going to process it.
The end result is going to be
deployed into the Serving System.
In the middle, there's a
PIPELINE that is used,
and there is METADATA that
forms a key role in organizing
and managing the
artifacts that are
produced as data is transformed.
One of the reasons that's
important, is because,
we want to understand the lineage
or provenance of those artifacts,
and be able to connect them,
and find the chain of
operations that
generated each of them.
We have our Training Data,
that is the input data into
the system that
forms an artifact,
we give that to Transform
and it transforms our data.
It's going to take our
raw data and move it into
the form that we're
actually going to
use at our feature engineering.
That's given to the Trainer
which is going to do training.
Transform and Trainer here are
both components in a ML pipeline,
specifically a TFX ML pipeline.
These are the Trainer, of
course as a Trained Model,
that is also an artifact.
That gets delivered to
the serving system or
whatever system we're using,
where it's going to be
used to run inference.
Looking at this a
little differently,
we're starting with our
training and eval data.
We've actually split our dataset.
We split it with ExampleGen,
so ExampleGen does that split.
Those get fed to StatisticsGen.
These are both TFX components
within a TFX pipeline,
so ExampleGen is component,
StatisticsGen is a component.
StatisticsGen calculates
statistics for our data.
For each of the features,
if they're numeric features,
for example, what is the
mean of that feature value?
What is the standard deviation?
The min, the max, so forth.
Those statistics get fed to
SchemaGen which infers the
types of each of our features.
That creates a schema
that is then used by
downstream components
including Example Validator,
which takes those
statistics and that schema,
and it looks for
problems in our data.
We won't go into
great detail here
about the things
that it looks for,
but if we have
examples that are the wrong
type in a particular feature,
so maybe we have an integer
where we expected a float.
Now, we're getting
into transform.
Transform is going to
take the schema that was
generated on the
original split dataset,
and it's going to do our
feature engineering.
Transform is where the
feature engineering happen.
That gets given the Trainer,
there's Evaluator that
evaluates the results,
a set of Pusher that pushes it
to our deployment
targets which is,
however we're serving our models,
so TENSORFLOW SERVING, or JS,
or LITE, wherever it is that
we're serving our model.
Internally, if we want to look
at the transform component,
it's getting inputs from,
as we saw, ExampleGen
and SchemaGen.
That is the data that was
originally split by Example Gen,
and the schema that was
generated by SchemaGen.
That schema, by the way,
may very well have been reviewed
and improved by a developer
who knew more about
what to expect
from the data than can be
really inferred by SchemaGen.
That's referred to as
curating the schema.
Transform gets that and it
also gets a lot of
user code because
we need to express the feature
engineering we want to do.
If we're going to
normalize a feature,
we need to give it user code to
tell transform to do that.
The result is a TensorFlow graph,
which were referred to as
the transform graph and
the transform data itself.
The graph expresses all of
the transformations that
we are doing on our data,
has a TensorFlow graph.
The transform data is simply
the result of doing all
those transformations.
Those are given to trainer,
which is going to use
the transformed data
for training and
it's going to include
the transform graph and
we'll take a look at
that in a second.
We have a user provided
transform component and
we have a schema for it.
We apply our transformations
during training and
as we'll see later,
we also apply those
transformations at serving time.
There's a lot of
perform optimizations
that we apply as well,
and we'll take a look
at that in a second.
Continuing a little deeper here,
we have our raw data and we
have our transform component.
It produces a TensorFlow graph.
The result of running
that graph is processed
data, it's been transformed.
That gets given in
model training,
as processed data is given
to our trainer component,
where we use it for
training our model.
Training our model creates
a TensorFlow graph.
Notice now we have
two different graphs.
We have a graph here from
transform and a graph
here from training.
Using the Tf Transform API,
we expressed the feature
engineering that we want to
do and we give that code,
or rather the transform
component gives that code to
a Apache Beam distributed
processing cluster.
That way we can do,
and remember this is
all designed to work
with potentially
terabytes of data.
That could be quite a
bit of processing to
do all of that
transformation using
a distributed processing
cluster by using
Apache Beam gives us the
capacity to do that.
The result is a saved model.
Saved model is just a
format that expresses
a trained model as saved model.
That gets included, we have
both the transform graph
and the training graph.
Those are given to our
serving infrastructure.
Now we have both of those graphs,
the feature engineering
that we did,
and the model itself,
the trained model and
those are used when
we serve requests.
Looking at this a little
differently, we have analyzers.
Again, we're using TensorFlow and
we're using the
TensorFlow Transform API.
We're using TensorFlow Ops
and a big part of what they do,
what an analyzer does is it makes
a full pass over our
dataset in order
to collect constants that
we're going to need when
we do feature engineering.
For example, if we're going
to do a min-max, well,
we need to make a full pass
through our data to know what
the min and the max
are for each feature that
we're using for that.
Those are constants that
we need to express.
We're going to use an
analyzer to make that
pass over the data and
collect those constants.
It's also going to express
the operations that
we're going to do.
They behave like TensorFlow Ops,
but they only were on once during
training and then they're
saved off as a graph.
For example, if we're
using the tft.min,
which is one of the methods
in the transform STK,
it'll compute the minimum of
a tensor over the
training dataset.
Looking at how that gets applied,
we have the graph that is
our feature engineering.
We run an analysis
across our dataset to
collect the constants
that we need.
Really what we're doing
is we're enabling us
later to apply these into
our Transform graph,
so that we can transform
individual examples
without making a pass
over our entire dataset.
That gets applied
during training,
and the same exact graph
gets applied during serving.
There is no potential
here for training
and serving skew or having
different code paths when we
train our model
versus when we serve
our model that cause problems
and those not be equivalent.
We're using exactly the
same graph in both places,
so there is no potential
for doing that.
What is the benefits of that?
Well, the emitted graph
that Transform emits
is it has all necessary constants
and transformations that
we're going to need.
The focus is on data
pre-processing only
at training time.
It's doing that processing
as well as generating that graph.
Have works in-line during
both training and serving,
we prepend it to
our trained model.
There's really no need
for pre-processing
code at serving time.
It consistently applies
those transformations
irrespective of the
deployment platform.
Remember, we could be
deploying our model
to a TensorFlow server
or a mobile device using
TensorFlow Lite or a web
browser using TensorFlow Jazz.
Using the same TensorFlow
graph in all places,
we're going to get exactly
the same transformations.
The Analyzers framework itself
has some different aspects.
First of all, you can do scaling.
Things like scaling
with a z-score or just
scaling between zero
and one, bucketizing.
We're going to bucketize
the quantiles, for example.
We're going to set up a
set of buckets and then
we're going to take
those values that
we have and assign them to
the bucket so that we have
categorical values
for numerical ranges
of value or vocabularies.
Things like running
[inaudible] for example,
bag of words or n-grams.
Intact processing need
to work with vocabulary.
You could do dimensionality
reduction too.
You can do a PCA Transform
to reduce the dimensionality
of your data.
Now let's look at some code.
We're going to create a
pre-processing function.
This is the entry point
that we're going to use to
define the user code that
expresses the feature
engineering they're going to do.
For example, we may make
a pass over our data
to look for floats.
For our floats, we're going to
scale those using a z-score.
This is just an example.
You're going to do whatever
feature engineering
you have to do,
but it's this style of code
that you're working with,
and this is of course, Python.
A vocabulary very similar.
If we have vocabulary features
or that we want to
use with vocabulary,
we would do this thing.
These constants here are lists of
the keys for each of
the features that we want a grip
into that particular
transformation.
Bucket features,
exactly the same thing.
That bucket feature
key is constant,
is just a list of
the keys for the features
that we want to bucketize.
Imports, well, you're going
to import TensorFlow, obviously.
Apache Beam, you're going to
need that because remember,
Transform is going to use
Apache Beam to distribute
processing across a cluster.
Now you can also just use Beam on
a single system or you can
just run it on your laptop.
It has something called
the DirectRunner.
You don't need to actually
set up a cluster.
You can just run it,
and there's nothing
to move infrastructure to setup.
In development that's
pretty useful.
In a deployment, unless you're
working with a small
amount of data,
you probably want more
compute horsepower than that,
apache_beam.io.iobase
is part of that.
It helps us with IO in
different formats and different
ways reading and writing.
TensorFlow Transform
itself, obviously.
Often we use the abbreviation
of TFT for that.
Then Transform itself has a
Beam part of its modules.
It's often nice to pull out
separately and work with.
Those are usually
the basic imports
that we need to work
with Transform.